innovate was launched in 2003 in July
2003 and we launched that from where
Dell we very quickly became quite a
high-profile brand in the specialist off
road running sector an extreme sports
sector when we originally launched the
brand it was launched as a footwear
brand and 18 months ago we launched a
range of lightweight running and outdoor
packs so those are backpacks and an
accessory product we now sell the brand
in over 22 countries so we're looking at
over 500 retail stores worldwide we've
got a high profile considering we're
quite a small company and that we
haven't been around that long when we
launched the brand we were based right
right in in a very rural area and the
disadvantages there were things like
there was no broadband access and there
wasn't a lot of premises available so as
the brand grew we had to move further
away from the heart of the countryside
effectively we're still fairly rural but
not as rural as we were we have a desire
to go back into into the heart of the
countryside because we're an off-road
running brand and we feel that that's
the best environment for us to operate
from the reasons for the solar number
and the main things are that we're in a
nice creative environment we've got easy
access to test our product and we also
feel that it it's the right sort of
reflection of the type of brand that we
are that we're based in a rural location
there definitely are a number of
barriers when you start trying to base
it a business in a rural location and
those are you know anything from the
logistics of getting products in and out
the infrastructure that's there the
accommodation with regards to off
and warehouses and then there's also the
challenges that you may not be able to
find the skill set that you need based
in a rural location but we believe that
there's a lot of talent in these rural
areas particularly young talent that
don't have the opportunities and they
having to migrate away from these rural
locations so that they can get jobs
we've been very good at trying to
recruit local talent particularly
youngsters so we've got a number of
graduates within the within the company
it's all about getting that young talent
getting them on board they they want to
do something and then unlocking that
talent and showing them and and and you
know giving them the tools and the
guidance so that they can develop within
the company
as a small team we are men we have
managed to create this brand that's
quite high-profile in that sector we're
holding our own we're carving a little
niche in the marketplace and the
profiles growing and if we can keep
working on that and developing the team
then the brand's got lots of
opportunities so that's probably what
I'm most proud of advice I would give to
someone that's looking to set up in a
rural location is where where do they
see the business being sort of mid to
long term and if that type of business
can be accommodated in a rural location
then I'll definitely go for it I think
their advantages definitely outweigh the
disadvantages working your way through
those short-term advantages I believe
that there'll be more support through
regional councils and local councils on
how they promote and develop and work
with businesses in the rural environment
because they've seen the importance of
this if you can create the right working
environment in a good rural location
then you've got quite a good attractive
business proposition that you can
attract the right talent of staff MC and
you know my personal choices were
because I lived in the country I really
wanted to do something there I have
children's I see the need for creating
jobs for this younger generation that
are coming through